Variables: Adds named capture groups to variable regex (#28625)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/variables/filter-variables-with-regex.md

demo.robustperception.io:9093
demo.robustperception.io:9100
```

## Filter and use named text and value capture groups

> This can be useful if the display text should differ from the value.

Reviewer: What can be useful? Please explain what "this"is that you are referring to.

> List of options:

Reviewer: I am confused. Are these options an example, or are they common to all users? This section needs more context, as do the Regex and Result below.

Author: Sure. I was following the format of the examples earlier the file. Agree that it could be improved - documentation is not my strong point ;) I’ll rework with expanded examples that relate tot the use case in the issue that it fixes

demo.robustperception.io:9093
demo.robustperception.io:9100
```

## Filter and modify using named text and value capture groups

> Using named capture groups it is possible to capture separate 'text' and 'value' parts from the options returned by the variable query. This allows the variable dropdown to contain a friendly name for each value that can be selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using named capture groups, you can capture separate 'text' and 'value' parts from the options returned by the variable query. This allows the variable drop-down list to contain a friendly name for each value that can be selected.
```

> For example, when querying the `node_hwmon_chip_names` prometheus metric the `chip_name` is a lot friendlier that the `chip` value. So the following variable query result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when querying the `node_hwmon_chip_names` Prometheus metric, the `chip_name` is a lot friendlier that the `chip` value. So the following variable query result:
```

```text
node_hwmon_chip_names{chip="0000:d7:00_0_0000:d8:00_0",chip_name="enp216s0f0np0"} 1
node_hwmon_chip_names{chip="0000:d7:00_0_0000:d8:00_1",chip_name="enp216s0f0np1"} 1
node_hwmon_chip_names{chip="0000:d7:00_0_0000:d8:00_2",chip_name="enp216s0f0np2"} 1
node_hwmon_chip_names{chip="0000:d7:00_0_0000:d8:00_3",chip_name="enp216s0f0np3"} 1
```

Passed through the following Regex:

```regex
/chip_name="(?<text>[^"]+)|chip="(?<value>[^"]+)/g
```

> Would produce the following dropdown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Would produce the following drop-down list:
```

```text
Display Name          Value
------------          -------------------------
enp216s0f0np0         0000:d7:00_0_0000:d8:00_0
enp216s0f0np1         0000:d7:00_0_0000:d8:00_1
enp216s0f0np2         0000:d7:00_0_0000:d8:00_2
enp216s0f0np3         0000:d7:00_0_0000:d8:00_3
```

> **NOTE:** only `text` and `value` capture group names are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Only `text` and `value` capture group names are supported.
```
